README.md, before:

What is this?
=============

This is an IntelliJ Idea plugin for [live-plugin](https://github.com/dkandalov/live-plugin) plugin. It can:
 - automatically assign groups to modules, based on their meta information
 - nothing else

Why bother?
=============
If your project consists of dozens of modules, you probaby want that list organized.
In many cases, naming of a module reflects its purpose. "money-tranformers" should go to "transformers" category.
IntelliJ Idea has a notion of module groups, which is supposed to provide this categorization.
Unfortunately, if you're using Maven and frequently changing branches, groups assigned to modules are often lost, and you end up with old plain modules structure.
This plugin aims to solve the issue by automagically assigning groups to modules, based on their names and some extra info.

How to install?
===============
 - install [live-plugin](https://github.com/dkandalov/live-plugin) plugin. This can be done via standard IntelliJ 'plugins'
 - in "Plugins" toolwindow choose "Add Plugin -> Plugin from Git" and use this repository address
 - in "Plugins" toolwindow run "auto-group-modules" plugin


How to configure?
===============
In general, there are two sets of rules - matching by name regexp, and matching by packaging type from pom.xml, if available. Packaging matching takes precedence.
Rules are defined in Configuration.groovy, I hope it's self explanatory
That file should be tailored for your project.

Commit message:

Added support for grouping by maven groupId

README.md, after:

What is this?
=============

This is an IntelliJ Idea plugin for [live-plugin](https://github.com/dkandalov/live-plugin) plugin. It can:

 - automatically assign groups to modules, based on their meta information
 - nothing else

Why bother?
=============
If your project consists of dozens of modules, you probaby want that list organized.
IntelliJ Idea has a notion of module groups, which is supposed to provide this categorization.
Unfortunately, if you're using Maven and frequently changing branches, groups assigned to modules are often lost, and you end up with old plain modules structure.

This plugin aims to solve the issue by automagically assigning groups to modules, based on metainformation from maven.
In many cases, naming of a module reflects its purpose. "money-tranformers" should go to "transformers" category. More details in configuration section.

How to install?
===============
 - install [live-plugin](https://github.com/dkandalov/live-plugin) plugin. This can be done via standard IntelliJ 'plugins'
 - in "Plugins" toolwindow choose "Add Plugin -> Plugin from Git" and use this repository address
 - in "Plugins" toolwindow run "auto-group-modules" plugin


How to configure?
===============
There are three sets of rules, applied in following order:

 1. matching by packaging type
 2. matching by groupId regexp
 3. matching by artifactId regexp

First match wins.

Rules are defined in Configuration.groovy, I hope it's self explanatory. That file should be tailored for your project needs.
